Added a note for improvement in documentation for ReadWriteOnce and ReadWriteOncePod access mode. (#29770)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

The access modes are:

<dl>
  <dt>ReadWriteOnce</dt>
  <dd>the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node.ReadWriteOnce access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.</dd>
  <dt>ReadOnlyMany</dt>
  <dd>the volume can be mounted as read-only by many nodes.</dd>
  <dt>ReadWriteMany</dt>
  <dd>the volume can be mounted as read-write by many nodes.</dd>
  <dt>ReadWriteOncePod</dt>
  <dd>the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single Pod.Use ReadWriteOncePod access mode if you want to ensure that only one pod across whole cluster can read that PVC or write to it.This is only supported for CSI volumes and Kubernetes version 1.22+.</dd>

> </dl> 

Author: @sftim addressed the changes PTAL!

The access modes are:

> <dl>
>   <dt><code>ReadWriteOnce</code></dt>
>   <dd>: the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node.ReadWriteOnce access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.</dd>

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
`ReadWriteOnce`
: the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node. `ReadWriteOnce` access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.
```
(and the same for other list entries)

Author: @sftim So  should i remove definition list tags <dl> <dt> from the text?

The access modes are:

> `ReadWriteOnce:`
> 
>  the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node. ReadWriteOnce access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.
> 
> `ReadOnlyMany:`
> 
>  the volume can be mounted as read-only by many nodes.
> 
> `ReadWriteMany:`
> 
>  the volume can be mounted as read-write by many nodes.
> 
>  `ReadWriteOncePod:`
> 
>  the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single Pod. Use ReadWriteOncePod access mode if you want to ensure that only one pod across whole cluster can read that PVC or write to it. This is only supported for CSI volumes and Kubernetes version 1.22+.

Reviewer: I think you meant:
```suggestion
`ReadWriteOnce`
: the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node. `ReadWriteOnce` access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.

`ReadOnlyMany:`
: the volume can be mounted as read-only by many nodes.

`ReadWriteMany`
: the volume can be mounted as read-write by many nodes.

 `ReadWriteOncePod`
: the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single Pod. Use `ReadWriteOncePod` access mode if you want to ensure that only one pod across whole cluster can read that PVC or write to it. This access mode is only supported for CSI volumes, and only when the `ReadWriteOncePod` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled for your cluster.
```

Author: @sftim  PTAL!

Reviewer 2: I don't see `:` in the live preview even after this change. Is that expected? If yes, then should we replace `the` with `The` for each sentence.

Reviewer: `:` here is Markdown to indicate the definition that follows a term.

I think that capitalisation is a nit. Happy to see this approved.

* ReadWriteOncePod -- the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single Pod.
  This is only supported for CSI volumes and Kubernetes version 1.22+.

{{< note >}}
ReadWriteOnce access mode still can allow multiple pods to access the volume when the pods are running on the same node.
Use ReadWriteOncePod access mode if you want to ensure that only one pod across whole cluster can read that PVC or write to it. 

> For more information please check this [blog](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/09/13/read-write-once-pod-access-mode-alpha/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blog article [Introducing Single Pod Access Mode for PersistentVolumes](/blog/2021/09/13/read-write-once-pod-access-mode-alpha/) covers this in more detail.
```

Because you need to enable an alpha feature to use it, I don't think a `{{< note >}}` callout is justified.

We could instead expand
> ```markdown
> * ReadWriteOnce -- the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node
> ```

to make it clear about the implications, whatever feature gates your cluster is running with.

Reviewer: If rewriting lines 415 to 419, consider using a [definition list](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#definition-lists) rather than the current unordered list.

Author: Hi @sftim , i have addressed the comments as you suggested. PTAL!
